# Motion-paths
Cyclic motion path reproduction

# About the project
The project is heavily inspired from the research paper by Disney reaserchers - "Computational Design of Mechanical Characters" ([link](https://studios.disneyresearch.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Computational-Design-of-Mechanical-Characters-1.pdf))  
A lot of inspiration about the mechanical simulation has been driven from the project by [JarrettR](https://github.com/JarrettR/Stagger).

The project was developed as a student project for the national science fair in 2023.

# Usage
Ther are 2 versions of the project:
 - Python version - more easy to read, original implementation, relativly slow (1 generation ~ 20 seconds).
 - C/Cpp implementation - faster (1 generation ~ 2 seconds), **has memory leak** - a known issue and could be fixed, but I am too done with this project that I really just don't want to deal with that...

For both versions it is important to place 2(3 if you want to evaluate the result in the end) files in the `/outputs` folder:
 - **base.cor** - generated by the `generate_path.py` - currently used as placeholder for input of the curve.
 - base.png - visual representation of the curve (not used as of now)
 - base.par - set of parameters for the origianl curve - autogenerated by the `generate_path.py` and used only to calculate the simmilarity.

> The python version currently uses `stagger_c.so` shared library that is compiled for Windows. If you want to use it for Linux/Mac(untested) you will need to compile the stagger_c.c file yourself.

The C/Cpp version is also currently hasn't been compiled for... reasons... (*memory leak of 200MB/min :'D* )

# Future plans
Currently.......... No. I'm kind of done with this.